[Music]
every time Chris tweets I'm gonna have
Twitter open Ah the
mud machine friend do you want to recover
Javi canine no who that [ __ ]
rewind I laughed I cried I got excited I don't know
which part I liked the most but the
unexpected ending of the boss's blessing
was spectacular It was excellent for you
hands applauding it was cinema it was cinema for
uncle laughter no If I had
[Music]
money I
seem like you
won What do I put in my wallet not even a
little nod to the salseria little is
said the salseria [ __ ] Yoro
fold come on your cousin from
Murcia that first part seems
great to me eh
already p another one is going to hold your cousin from
Murcia can I put is going to hold your cousin
from Murcia sorry I had to throw it away
guys and me this is a self-sucking
dick
ask this song 2024 I'm going to
look for it because it sounds to me like it's from
2020 something no4 for a song from
two years ago Oh this isn't the mine that crashed
because I
doing who
you are you are
with
you are You with you are
famous made l that with the way
[Music]
of is
what finally a reference well finally
a good another reference well two two
good references well
a coin for the review rewind of the
Dallas dog a coin for the
review that has to Man fam but
I'm not understanding the connections that there is
no connection Who are these two
but for not Of course man Who are they who
knows them what is Mike rou Why
Mickey rou is in a r I hope it's not try to
kill the throat XD no
but what is clear is that it should have been
taken into account a little that I
thought we had it more under control
but well These are
internal misunderstandings that we have had and that's it are
things that happen because no we are not we do not have the the
experience that alen
molón has in this thing apart from not the
same age there are many things there are many
references that are Because inj is more
millennial if it depended on Andy and me we
would have put pure Jorge Javier
Vázquez papadía there is a
generation there too that puts you in a
sandwich of course it is  what F you say to
Iker and Carmen say who you are who are
you Spanish The r of all
Spanish things Why the thing we
complain about in the other one is too long the
participations have incorporated this is
all I see that these shocking images
don't catch you by surprise that
participation is long there man that of
Iker Jim and Carmen is long there and then
more at the end when people are you know well you
put it in That's right friend it can't be
the best if I tell you the truth yes because
this is not a budget issue This
is a topic that is poorly written I'm
cured of esp it's boring that
Javi Oliveira uses the rewind to throw
[ __ ] at the one he fought with they're going to have to explain it to me they're going to have to explain it I
mean the fun of the RNE is to make a
summary of what happened in the year Aha
who are you throwing [ __ ] at man I mean if you don't see it
cut like this so as not to attack anyone or in
other words I cut Freaky well if I
tell you the script of geeks if I tell you the
script of geeks  that he says it you know
but I cut friky it
pisses you off because he gave No man not here
collaborate this one collaborate the other don't make me
this ally you know but what I have
n't done come on I think there's
nothing of the ruen that is to throw at anyone
not to throw your projects of your
personal fights in a video it doesn't make sense
rickyedit well advance this garbage
please Oh no what's about me is kaa Javi
oliveira please make a ruine to
throw [ __ ] at the people you don't like
me but what But what a girl but it's
a parody or I mean point number one script
no the script is Freaky's I don't
write it I write it friky okay
Then he sent me the script I told him This
yes this no to me I didn't think it was bad
that it was parodied that mía fights
publicly with the other one then at the
party they make out or whatever What [ __ ]
is that what crist salillo to me the truth is they're
going to have to explain it to me the truth is they're going to have to
explain it to me Ah it's that
it  Juan is that Juan here it will be that
that Juan is here in this
drawing of course it could be that Juan
But why do so many people come out that
nobody knows that nobody knows nor that we
were they have 20,000 spectators the
afternoon it is a Scoop of the stutterer not of
this doll Who is this doll
news some of them creepy terrifying
but it is leaving a lot of
time to this doll or rather Close the
door mo the reference to what he said in
the Jordi thing this who is it is the
news of the year What is it that he doesn't know
anyone is that he doesn't know anyone you get it
from the kids and I don't know anyone of course that's why
many times when they say it's
not that Javi it's
that you are frowned upon here there I don't know what no Javi it's that everyone thinks this about you or everyone thinks this about you of giving you know they they have their closed world that they don't realize that their world is this okay But in reality The world is this of
course They live in one in one doesn't
know anyone damn I mean I [ __ ]
on D you like gossip he I don't know if it would
be  joke but I think I could swear that he
once told me that his mother liked
my gossip which I understand would be from
the gentlemen are you going to know who Marta
Riesco is and how are you going to say that nobody
knows eh yes yes Marta recorded it for me from
the program Marta recorded it for me from the
program as if we were that
right now I think it's the
heart program that has the most viewers on
YouTube they have every afternoon
20,000 30,000 viewers 15,000
maybe on the slowest days of course they don't
know who anyone is but Pon Gan Pon Gan Pon
gana Pon gana what I've suffered
South we are jt separated
again Who is this Random the V to tell the
truth who is this Random per F the
point of this scene is in this
scene I was very surprised by the editor
because what you did back there was that
the guy to the Colombian in
Thailand
noend
voada Alejandro happened I saw on
this gentleman's Channel about Daniel Sánchez
also about the case
al this one continues making
content nobody is  keep making
crazy content let's not say that I'm still
making content It's that he's also doing
pretty well he's doing pretty well I
look at us from above but that didn't rip ge
but that didn't hit any
rhymes dude he hit less than Celin at the
evening
[Music]
nobody knows that dude dude with the
big well I haven't said it before I haven't
said it before but she's
Alex Blanco's partner do you remember Alex
Blanco that I've mentioned a lot that he's the one
who best interprets Michael
Jackson they are the ones who do a show doing
Michael Jackson he has does gameplay on the
internet on Twitch well she is his partner
who does Dariana great okay okay You know
but they are machines Why does
this girl come out so much Who is it why is she
wearing the net pler suit Who is it I don't
know Who is Aaron Mercury But how can
you not know who Aaron Mercury is
either
nobody knows yet I can understand maybe I do
n't know Nerea okay Nerea is a
little more maybe from Milor okay okay I'll
also tell you one thing eh I'll also
tell you one thing maybe it is that I
know the whole [ __ ] world all the
[ __ ] communities Well I also think that
could be it eh it's that of course I know
the Michael Jackson communities
too it's not there But aibel at least
liked the hom management to Akira Toriyama
And he put on a Dragon Ball song
saying I forgive you for everything Javi XD boo
@ elteatro dewil brutal Happy New Year
innocent Duke too but I mean I
understand because I know nerea
from my Michael Jackson Lore
when I already knew the Michael
Jackson channels to ubel scope to all of them
okay among them Alex blanco Alex
White who eh I recommend that you
follow him on Instagram and everything because the
kid is the [ __ ] master doing Michael
Jason okay But how are you not going to know
Aon Mercury with the controversy that there was with
jery mua with
naín damn they went to fight no naín and
and Aaron they went to fight Even in
a disco no n na of course now
I understand many things about the rewind Of course of course
you know what was happening
[Music]
look with him with the cool alen ruen and
what was happening  It was from the eyes
of alen molón Gre's environment and that
group, the elite, that's worth it in that
r For example, you went to the people
of telesalseo Iker Jiménez I don't know, no, not what
and they don't know what the Hispanic r is, entities
because they know who ivai is, well,
Who is auron, you know, of course, the thing is that
these people don't know who he is,
nobody put stuffing in his dick, everyone's
talking about the paet I mean, the grace
of the version is that it is more lively, very
slow, this little princess Dancing, why
is Javi Oliveira dancing? Who is
this lady, put it on? Thank you, little princess, put
more, thank you please. This is the one who
hates pigm, no Fran, man, don't
jump the queue, don't jump the queue. Who
[Music]
is a summary of Gibel's reaction, summary of
Gibel's reaction, who is she, doesn't know
who she is, nobody, I don't know who she is, nobody does
n't know azar, well, I didn't
know her either until Fran told me, I think she
was the only one. So I didn't know her
after seeing her, yeah, no, man, don't you  cuele don't
queue Who
[Music]
is would be less cring than me now I'll put the
screen in full and start reading
volume 25 of Blue with Nico Nico on the
cover and read the whole game between
bastar and ubers
how terrible no terrible no there's no more there's no
more places I want to see more [ __ ]
How good
dude okay okay They already send me more they already send me
more LoL dude it's that of course they don't know
who anyone is This is what I would have
liked was for there to be a lot of actions
dude for me to see them the thing with arón is yeah it's
weird that he doesn't know but the Spanish people on
tv well I can understand that he doesn't know I
can understand that he doesn't know but
dude who said who is has seen
Iker Jiménez and Carmen and he says who they are has seen a a
Marta Riesco and this
doll has seen Nazaret who are you I mean he
only knows Who are the the the the
the I don't know I don't know it's not even
a circle you know but Alon Mercury
dude I mean Aaron Mercury is hyper famous
he's very famous just follow the gossip  but
Aaron Mercury is very very famous, I'm
not going to watch the video of alen, I didn't watch it
superficially, but well, it's
saying goodbye, not to Mercury, I know him
through Alan, man, but Aaron Mercury Yes, in the
end he ended well with dalla and he
became friends, but he had a
huge controversy, huge, huge, huge when he
broke up with Jerry mois eh, the fight with
naín, I mean, and on tiktok he's super famous, calm down, do
n't
panic, it was a mistake, one for the
reviews that he has to support his
family, there were no better-
known Latinos than those Spaniards in
controversies, neither Aida nor
lana. Hello everyone, welcome one more day
today I'm going to teach you how to do makeup with he's going to
say who Martín is, he's really going to say that you
want Martín, it was relevant,
elpe, to bomb in Spain and if
possible, take them, it was relevant, elpe
this year says fans to the grandfather, he will
take care of them. How did he make our
Valencian anthem, it's not a bzal, it's literally a mask
to breathe. Javi thinks he's
the perota, he did a rewind and he thinks he's the
perota, he's my
rewind I present it, gibel
skipped his part, he skipped
his part, no, but it's not even eh Let's
see It's that this is like Look at Dalas,
I didn't know if I should ask him for something or not, okay, eh, I
almost wasn't going to ask Dala for anything,
send him the reaction from the live
and the discussion part, of course he saw it but didn't say
anything, let's see, send it to me from the aala. I didn't
know if I should ask him for anything because he's already
very present in the gossip and
everywhere, I knew it was going to come out
Then, such, but then I said Yes, man,
For How I'm not going to ask him for anything, he's going to send me
a curon, he's going to send me a cidros,
how could I not ask him to
participate, this is so
pochín I'm already King if you saw how I've
been these last few days, very
wrinkled, these days I haven't done
live because he's in bed very
wrinkled with a really sore
throat. I think I've had a high
fever, although it always says no,
but I had the typical chills, you know.
Although I wouldn't have uploaded a video on the
main page because  we were with the
rewind eh If I had been here
live live and on telesalseo and
such if I had come What happens is that
no I couldn't live but literally not even I mean I
think that Alex molón
took more prominence in his rewind
than the one I have done I mean I think that I have
done what was necessary to
present and that there would be some kind of
sense in the rooms scene I mean what we
were criticizing Alex molonia
de gre for and that he himself criticized him he did it
power a lot of encouragement my headphones battery is dying But look big hug to all But why does this girl come out so much Who is why summary of the ra who two years the [ __ ] goes in the cup the [ __ ] goes in
the cup Ah there's something from plex Also hey
guys Does anyone know what happens if you
run out of leaves in your passport
and you have ple who ple this is cinema
where the salseo appears in
all its splendor a genius Javi That's
me who deserves a million or more
visits this Yes it feels more like a  rewind
without so much cinematographic production
but adding everything necessary
relevant of the year and returning a little to
recapture that essence to what it was one day
I saw another ruine the truth is that using
apart from the R to throw at Ricky eddit it
seems to me that no it is not selfish
they want me to ask his grandmother what
I have thrown at Ricky eddit look what
I have thrown at him that I have used the
ruen to throw at Ricky Eddie or rather
what have I thrown at Ricky Eddie
literally the editor put the photo of
eh the banana Ricky Eddy eating the
banana and I told him to remove it so as not to
reprimand anyone that we have put two
scenes from the debate the debate is like that but
if in the geeky part he says what in the geeky part
but if in the geeky part
nothing is said to Ricky The only thing they tell him is
Ricky you have to leave the island
why don't I tell you out let's go that I
think that not even Ricky can be offended by
that eh knowing Ricky I don't even think that that
bothers him eh I think it has
offended more gibel than Ricky eh it's
true it's true it's true Tina cheated on him
a little bit and said you
think this and I said I think that's
okay but well it was Tina's thing
I think she got offended by Juan
a little to retake that essence what was
one day I saw torry the truth is that to see
for tastes colors eh I mean if he didn't
like it eh but if he didn't like it that's
fine tastes are like that look at you I
thought that he was going to like it a lot
the truth is I thought that when he
saw that we had put it And that stepping
on part of the R to throw at Rick Ed It
seems to me that not people that nobody knows very
long cam is unnecessary and using
part of it For personal wars
it's not that it has nothing to do with it it
's that there is no personal war if
I had wanted a personal war I
would have put it to other things but the thing is that there
is no personal war I mean
Spaniards jaibel has died broken hearted
if it were a personal war I would have put it about
him Instead of the animation  from the
discussion Well I would have put the clicks
that I like from the debate I did
with gibel the Dallas debate with Ricky
is like that is the most relevant those clicks there
are no other things in which I invite
whoever wants to turn it around and put
another clip There is no personal war
that shows the sign of raed in jail
Of course it has been raed's role this
year they are references to what there is it
is not selfish they want me to
ask my grandmother what she thinks about the rewind
she already saw it let's see oh she's not
going to do it again 10 videos let's
see it is a it is a constructive criticism
No but if you don't like it what the [ __ ] are you going
to [ __ ] man if you didn't like it you didn't
like what happens is that I think he
lives in another world the issue is not
a budget issue it is an issue of there being
people that nobody knows There are
things like the real Who is it like
me coming out what hau there the wine meme is
funnier and it doesn't cost money Still I
think the best tweet of all is I dislike them
the
cucard show me a Pixel of the demand
even if it's just a child period no need
other years period have a good trip no no no no
no next year I'll make up another
Movida in which to get into the
tit at least I mean you
're making it up
completely That's your B story that you
're making up for me Because you told me you
had proof proof of what no
this one reserved for me Who is this But
this was not relevant Javi oliveira this did
n't matter to anyone the rigay it doesn't have to
be it has to be a summary of the year
of what's important not your
personal fights I don't even have I not even
seen this debate it was him he reserved it for me and
who he spends it Show me I reserve I
reserve now they have something that they have
done something yes that prevents it because
reporting it means telling a lawyer
what you have signed and miso the evidence
is my testimony Look hey the evidence
is my testimony I have a little thing here
for you take it eat it take it eat it you have to
open your mouth open your mouth
abela showing how she adores her owner and
I'm here  it's not pambi let's talk you and I
here it's our personal topic a few
moments later don't change the
subject Ela yes it's been the question that I don't
want to talk to Javi anymore he's doing
the one of diverting the subject of pamb I'm
interested haar sea she looks at me I know I don't
want to answer because you know that I've
seen your [ __ ] have you seen my [ __ ] Yes have you seen my [ __ ]
When have you
seen my [ __ ] Ah come on come on tell me
you also that the debate this
was not commented on expected relevant what there was what there wasn't was done it was
n't
done They are the are the pic of the debate I'll
tell you Mimi bla bla bla Mimi Dallas
my my my restraining order my my my
complaint what's up with
reta to think that Tina told me record
this the thing about cuckolds and the other thing I
recorded it lying on that couch while
watching a series and I send her a what's up
cuckolds and I ask for instead of
that she didn't put a part of the discussion it
wasn't better What is it dude I mean it's a
parody it's an animation no I didn't come
predisposed to not be happy about
anything literally dude I literally
put them  you know I've put them I
say Yes it seems fine to me that they are Of
course it is I mean I had already put
Tommy in shul who are the ones I have
contact with but I say I spoke with Tina so
that she would do animation And she says I would
like to do it from the tertulia I say Ah
well Cool yes it seems fine to me that
some of the clips are like that kind
[Laughs]
funny Shut up do you realize that
we are in the rewind this year the
tertulia went quite far I don't
care about anything I don't give a damn that is
not my voice I think my Esla nothing more
But why not Spanish but I don't
understand why not that is not my voice
Who did
that Serene has died eh what the [ __ ]
happened to Serene where the [ __ ] is Serene
but that does not matter to anyone but if
dedic 28 tertulia guibel How the [ __ ] is
nobody going to care that nobody
cares about Serene now but if you left it on
record that you did not want to die
now it does not matter to anyone Serene damn How
little you send me the FBI to look for that
is not relevant and I have seen this
for the comments serene has been
practically two weeks Without giving any sign of
life What did Willy Rex do, what game did he do you
authorize Aon, what game did Willy
Rex do, what game did Willy do in Uruguay the
tolls are already automated with
electronic tolls you can go through any road
24 seconds he used the rewine to throw
[ __ ] at
Willy But what have we said to
Willy re But how but man But how but what do I
have against Willy re I didn't care
Willy re but of course
he says whatever he wants all the
time about everyone okay luar I mean
but mentioning things that have happened and
throwing
[ __ ] then they are the ones with the
thinnest skin eh Oh [ __ ] the TRs in the morning
man let's watch something else man and
apologize gel Javi you have offended him
[Music]
a lot i